Privacy Policy

Dragon Dust Games built the Kids Music Composer - Fun & Learn app as an Ad Supported app. This SERVICE is provided by Dragon Dust Games at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform website visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that Dragon Dust Games collect is used for providing and improving the Service. Dragon Dust Games will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Kids Music Composer - Fun & Learn unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use

For a better experience, while using our Service, Dragon Dust Games may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that Dragon Dust Games request is retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way

The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app

    Google Play Services
	https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
    AdMob
	https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en

Log Data

Dragon Dust Games want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app Dragon Dust Games collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

Cookies

Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your device internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collection information and to improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

Service Providers

Dragon Dust Games may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

    To facilitate our Service;
    To provide the Service on our behalf;
    To perform Service-related services; or
    To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

Dragon Dust Games want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

Financial Information

Your purchase and in-app purchases within the Games are handled through the platform on which you purchased the Game or through other payment processors (e.g. the Apple App Store, Google Play, xBox Live, Playstation Network). Dragon Dust Games does not retain any card or payment details, although Dragon Dust Games does keep a record of your purchases and your aggregate spending.

Security

Dragon Dust Games value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and Dragon Dust Games cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, Dragon Dust Games strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. Dragon Dust Games have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Children’s Privacy

Dragon Dust Games' games are intended for anyone who is legally entitled to own a device that access them and play them and anyone who is legally entitled to make in-app purchases by the payment functionality the Games provide.  However, Dragon Dust Games does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information in relation to children under the age of 13.  If Hutch discover it have collected personal data in relation to any children under 13 Dragon Dust Games shall take reasonable steps to delete such information.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

Dragon Dust Games may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. Dragon Dust Games will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me.

This privacy policy page was created at privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/generated by App Privacy Policy Generator